hello this chris with us galaxy s3 com i
have the verizon version of the galaxy
s3 in front of me right now I'm looking
at beans custom stock rom build 8 I
originally did a video on build six
since then I've done the 7 update and
the 8 without wiping everything is
running fine so far one of the major
things I noticed going from six to seven
was the changed status bar here you got
all these different toggles I think they
were aligned in a different manner than
six was I really like this right here I
mean pretty much you have access to just
about everything in the device that can
be toggled it seems like you can also
control the brightness right there
including auto also has the brightness
up there and the timeout can be set just
by tapping that I know when I'm laying
in bed texting or trying to view stuff I
i turn the rotate off so that comes in
handy so that's one of the major updates
he fixed some things with data transfer
speeds and 3g toggling into 4G so pretty
much just keep on reading up on the
thread on XDA developers to see the
latest downloadable version and what
tweaks are available this rom also comes
with a kernel that can be overclocked I
just haven't checked that out yet for
more information about the u.s. versions
of the galaxy s3 please like this video
and subscribe to my youtube channel
thanks a lot